hey guys welcome back to the channel so
what do you do if you find out that
there is a stranger that's been secretly
living in your home for the last couple
of days
that's what happens in open house there
logan and naomi wallace slowly find out
that there might be a stalker breaking
in and following them around their house
in today's video we'll look at how you
can survive until the end and get away
alive
the movie starts with logan and his
father going to a convenience store to
get some eggs
when they arrive he stays in the car
while his dad goes shopping when he
comes back out logan looks at him
through the side view mirror
when suddenly a car runs into his dad
causing a fatal
accident we abruptly cut to the father's
wake a few weeks later
they are naomi logan's mother talks to
her sister
she explains how they have trouble
paying the bills since the father was
the main
income source and now that he's dead
they have a bunch of debt and can't even
make rent this month
then the sister suggests that she and
logan should stay in their isolated
mountain house
it's currently in the process of being
sold but until then they can stay there
and even though it seems like a nice
gesture it's not really a great idea
they don't even know how long the house
will be up for sale it could be that the
house gets sold in a week and then
they'd have to move back out which would
be double the effort to make no progress
also it's in the middle of the school
year and logan wants to graduate in a
few months
so it's not the smartest move to pull
him out of school and later we'll see
that there are constantly people
visiting
checking out the house and realtors
making sure that everything's alright
and that doesn't seem like what the
mother needs right now instead it would
make a lot more sense if the sister can
cover her rent for the month since
neither one of them really wants to go
it's made abundantly clear that the
sister is very wealthy
i mean they have a mountain house which
is just sitting there and the wallace
family is living somewhere that isn't so
expensive that it's undoable for the
sister
they were low income and lived
accordingly but because they have no
other offers they go to the mountain
house
while driving there in the evening they
almost run over a dark figure on the
road
when they eventually arrive in the town
they meet martha
she's their creepy neighbor who's always
making really strange remarks
telling them how terrible the passing of
a family member is
so will she be the one breaking into
their house
it's not her you'll see it's not her the
two then finally make their way into the
house
that night while lying in his bed logan
hears somebody loudly banging on the
front door
when he makes his way downstairs there's
a car with his lights on
aggressively honking and while this is a
little bit strange it's not enough for
them to leave yet
the next evening after the first group
of buyers checks out the house
logan remarks how weird open houses are
there are strangers that go inside and
they might still be here since no one
makes sure that everyone left
this is exactly what happens by the way
then they experience a bunch of weird
things
logan's phone disappears they get
mysterious calls and
random objects get lost only to reappear
in different rooms a minute later
also the water heater shuts off so the
mother tries fixing it but while she's
down there the basement door gets
slammed
shot now all of this happens on the
second night in the span of a few
minutes
but they don't think that any of this is
weird and each one event on its own
isn't that strange but when you stack
all of them together
it might become more clear what's really
going on and i think this should alarm
at least
logan a little bit he was already
genuinely concerned about how creepy he
thinks open houses are
but when it looks like his suspicions
are all but confirmed
he completely ignores it there are so
many weird things happening most notably
a cereal bowl being brought downstairs
even though logan was clearly eating it
in a completely different room
just a minute earlier and the killer is
playing it very dangerously
now i'm not a phone addict although i am
on it about 14 hours a day
but if i were to lose my phone i would
probably check out every room
this would significantly increase the
chances of them finding the killer
squatting in the closet while they're
looking for it
and he's not that far away anyway the
next morning logan goes for a run
oh yeah he's like a runner it gets
brought up like once and then never
again
it doesn't matter when he's done he
walks some with naomi and they see a man
looking through the front door of the
house
as they get closer it's revealed to be
chris a friendly man
they met earlier he asked if he can take
a tour of the house as he might be
interested in buying the place
naomi not wanting to be rude gives him
permission
then he walks in but as the day goes by
they never notice him walking out
so could he be the intruder nope it's
not him yeah
you'll see later after that the doorbell
rings and we see that it's creepy martha
she walks in and tells him that she also
went to the open house
i don't know why she would come over to
say that because it's not even naomi's
house and
seriously who cares but it really
highlights how staying in this house is
not a good idea
we see that there are people in and out
all day
constantly interrupting and annoying
them now this is of course completely
normal for a house that's in the process
of being sold
but why would you want to live there
it's so uncomfortable
and in this small town there isn't
anything to do so they're basically
bored all day
logan is missing school time and naomi
isn't looking for work
nor is she overcoming the trauma of
losing her husband you know what are
they doing here they should just be
honest with his sister and tell her that
it's not going so well i'm sure she'll
understand
later on naomi showers but the water
keeps turning cold
she goes into the basement to fix it but
minutes later it happens once again
this time logan goes downstairs while
he's in front of the boiler he hears a
log dropping but doesn't think that much
of it then it's revealed that a man is
slowly approaching and standing
right behind him now in reality logan
would have probably heard him coming up
since the guy
clearly doesn't give a [ __ ] about not
making any noise
[Music]
and because logan was completely silent
himself there were most likely some
footsteps he could hear
that night logan is sleeping in his
bedroom when he suddenly has to go to
the bathroom
he sees that his glasses aren't there
but he goes anyway with the lights off
while he's taking a leak the creepy man
passes by his doorway
this moment is kind of interesting
because when you look at the room
there's no way that he happened to walk
past this area because there's a wall
meaning that he was awake under logan's
bed for a while
waiting for him to get up to the
bathroom so that he can get out
i mean i don't understand why he would
go under his bed and lie there when he's
just going to leave the room a short
while later
that doesn't make any sense just don't
go there in the first place
so logan goes back into his bed and then
the camera does a
180 and the creepy man is standing in
the doorway
this would mean that he's right in front
of the bed facing logan as he's going to
sleep
and how does logan not notice this there
is no way that his eyesight is that
bad keep in mind that the lights in the
room are off
but there is a light in the hallway this
would cast a long shadow into his room
or did he not open his eyes the entire
time because that would be even weirder
because not once in my life
have i done that and what the hell is
the killer doing in this doorway
that's some risky business he's just
gambling that logan wouldn't look even
once
which most people would do since they
don't know the exact way into their bed
especially when they're in a new home
the next morning naomi calls our sister
about the water heater which is always
turning off
and from what we hear it's insinuated
that the sister says that it isn't
broken which would make sense since
they're selling the house
so you try to keep it in the best
condition and not leave everything for
the owners to fix here she could tell
her how stressful the last few days have
been
and that this isn't really right for
them i mean neither one of them wants to
stay there
but she just calls to get the shower
fixed sometime later a plumber
arrives in this scene he and naomi have
a conversation in the doorway where they
try to make it seem like he's the
intruder
because he correctly guesses that the
water heater is in the basement but in
every house that i've ever been to
the water heater has always been in the
basement so that's not a crazy guess
so is he the stalker yes it's him
no i'm just kidding it's not him you'll
see you'll see while he's fixing the
heater naomi finds a crumpled up photo
of her family in the trash
the plumber then interrupts her and says
that everything is normal it wasn't
really broken and he just did the same
thing they did which was just flipping
the switch he also says that he found
logan's phone down there
then naomi comes to the conclusion that
logan must have been messing with the
water heater
because he wants them to leave but this
doesn't make a lot of sense because
there were so many other weird things
going on that are completely out of
logan's control
there is martha acting all strange or
chris wandering through the house at
random or the mysterious phone
call they got and why would logan
crumple a picture of his own father when
he's just as disturbed by his death as
naomi is
isn't it more likely that one of the
dozen people who walked into this house
thought it was some piece of trash and
threw it away we saw that the real
estate agents needed the house to look
perfect
and didn't want any of these personal
items laying around anyway naomi
confronts
logan about what the plumber told her
that the water heater isn't broken
and that he found his phone there so he
must have gone down there before to mess
with her
and the mother is kind of right somebody
did go down there to manipulate the
boiler
but it wasn't her son so logan should
know that if she presents
all of this evidence that someone was
there before in the last few days
and he knows that it's not him it must
have been someone else
there were so many strange things
happening but they just ignore
all of it even though they come so close
to the answer the next day they have
another open house
they make their way outside and while
logan goes for a run
his mother goes into a shop where she
processes some photographs that she took
earlier
on her way there she runs into chris and
he gives her his number just in case
as it gets late naomi gets a call from
her sister who lets her know that the
realtors found out
that the house has been broken into and
naomi's first instinct upon hearing this
is to take logan and go into the house
alone
at night there they see that the table
is dressed with christmas music playing
then they get another call with no one
on the other line so they finally decide
to call the police
here when they found out about the
break-in neither the real estate agents
nor the sister called the police
if anyone would have done that the man
creeping around the house would have had
much less time to escape
and might actually become and why does
naomi go in there alone with her son
isn't that the last thing she should do
when they arrive they don't even know
that the man has already left
so it seems like they're walking into a
trap so after the police arrive
they check the entire house but find
nothing logan then informs them that
they've experienced weird things the
entire last week
and that somebody was probably breaking
in before the police don't believe them
and say that it was
probably some kid playing a prank yeah
right
and i don't know many kids that would do
something like this i mean this is some
psycho stuff setting the room all nice
and playing out of season music
doesn't seem like a prank a kid but paul
also here they begin to understand that
somebody was among them
all the past nights so they should leave
as fast as possible
i think most of us wouldn't spend
another night in this house if you paid
us
but they sure do now logan suggests that
they stay in a hotel
but naomi tells them that they don't
have the money however they can also
sleep in their car
it's definitely not the nicest option
but they do have a pretty big truck
and even if it were a smaller car i
would do that a hundred times over the
murder house that was just broken into
so they prepare for the night and want
to sleep in one room
logan then also sees the number that
chris gave naomi and decides to call him
for help
and this is a good choice even though
chris is one of the suspects but he's
not the killer so it's fine
however when he arrives they all decide
to go to bed right now in separate rooms
which negates the reason for why chris
is here maybe they could stay up in
shifts or sleep in the same room just to
be safe
because merely having chris there
doesn't really do that much
when he's asleep on the couch away from
the others then when logan prepares for
bed and is about to take out his contact
lenses
he hears a bumping sound he decides to
investigate it alone
when he's downstairs he hears the car
engine turning on and goes outside
he goes up to the car and sees that
chris is dead he tries helping him but
gets attacked by the old man who smashes
his head on the window
the intruder then comes back a few
seconds later to dump water on him
this guy's so weird this attack was
probably avoidable because the logan
walks up to the car for a
really long time there's a point where
he can still
easily run away from the killer once he
recognizes what happened
at this point he sees that chris is dead
but he continues going up to the car
instead he can go inside to call for
help which would be much smarter because
chris being killed clearly shows that
the killer is nearby
and ready to attack so he must act fast
so as logan is stuck on the floor the
man goes after the mother
he goes into naomi's room and lies down
next to her
shortly after she wakes up and goes into
the bathroom
and when she returns she lies back in
bed
what how did she not see him when she
was walking back
her vision is perfect it's bright enough
inside to see what's happening
and i don't know many people that would
ignore a large old creepy man
randomly lying in their bed the only way
that she didn't notice him
is if she moonwalked back to her bed and
i refused to believe that she got up
went to the bathroom flushed didn't wash
her hands by the way
came back and never opened her eyes
anyway when she's in her bed she notices
the
envelope of pictures that she processed
earlier that day
okay so she didn't notice the huge black
figure sleeping next to her
but a tiny envelope she decides that now
is the perfect time to look at some
photos
even though a few seconds before she was
so sleepy that she couldn't be bothered
to open her eyes
so she sees that there are a couple of
pictures that she didn't take
now she has proof that there was a
stalker but why is she so surprised
shouldn't she already know this from
when they found out about the break-in
there were all these strange things
happening the past couple of days
and naomi was convinced that somebody
was messing with her but blamed it on
logan
however when she got the call about the
stranger breaking in
she somehow didn't connect the two so as
she looks at the pictures proving that
there is someone else in the house
the killer gets up and prepares to
restrain her it's so
perfectly timed how he gets up the
instant that she realizes they've been
followed
how did he know that he was looking
forward the whole time
doesn't matter so she gets choked until
she's unconscious later that night she
wakes up tied to a chair and the killer
starts breaking all her fingers
once they're all totally messed up he
sets a knife next to her
then logan finally wakes up outside he
hears his mother screaming and walks
inside trying to find her
luckily he's being super loud so the
killer knows where he is at all times
finally he walks in a room and yells at
her to wake up
they start talking to each other and
have a drawn-out conversation to
strengthen their emotional bond
logan then unties her arms and decides
to walk out of the room to call the cops
but what is logan freeing our hands for
dude
her fingers are broken and pretty badly
from what we can see
what's she going to do with tied up legs
and two broken hands
do the worm until she's outside no come
on logan you're so much smarter than
that
first he needs to untie her legs and
then walk with her downstairs
from what we see the front door is open
and the car is still running
yes the tires are slashed but you can
still drive it you'll probably destroy
the rims in the process but i'd rather
have a broken car
than a broken brain
and we haven't seen the killer's car
anywhere so it's definitely better than
staying in the same house
with the old man running around so while
logan is walking downstairs the killer
turns on the radio in the living room
logan decides to go to the landline
phone and will you take a look at this
kid man
he doesn't have a chance against the
killer what makes him think that he can
fight him with his tiny knife the guy is
covered in ice water
a wind could knock him out so it turns
out that all the phone lines are cut so
he goes into his bedroom
and what do you know both of their
phones are there that was a good guess
he looks at his phone but the sim card
is out so he throws it aside
however a phone without a sim can still
call 9-1-1
or any other emergency line that's a
requirement but logan throws the phone
away and hears his mom screaming
he chases her down into the basement
where he walks around with a flashlight
and now the killer can see him coming
around the corners he should obviously
be
a little bit more careful with a
flashlight because it does
very easily give his position away so as
he walks by a hallway his mother jumps
out
screaming at him so he stabs her because
he's scared
when he looks behind her he sees the
killer and tries running out of the
house
while he's about 30 feet away from the
front door he trips on a nothing and
takes too long to escape
the killer then comes up behind him and
drags him back inside
then he very carefully removes his
contact lenses and gives them a head
start to run away into the forest now i
really wouldn't expect logan to remember
this because it's a small detail
mentioned
much earlier but if he starts running to
the left he would probably stumble upon
martha's house where he can call for
help
earlier the first time they met she said
if you need
anything my house is just west through
the woods you can't miss it
again it's completely understandable
that he can't recall this piece of
information right now
but hypothetically it's something he
could do so he runs out into the forest
with his flashlight on
which is still a bad idea because again
the killer can see where he's going
it doesn't matter if he has a huge head
start if logan has the flashlight on
the man can follow his exact trail
eventually he takes a short break and
hears some noises
logan quickly hides under a branch
fearing that it's the killer
but a few seconds later we see that it's
just creepy martha
and it makes sense for logan to hide
because he can't see who it is
but martha is not that far away it takes
her less than
20 seconds to walk to the tree where
logan is so she
probably heard him grunting and
screaming for help or could have seen
his flashlight waving around
and she's always looking to talk to them
so she can do that here
we go to the next morning and logan is
still running through the forest
he stops at a river to drink something
when the man comes up behind him
and kills him what he could have done
here and this is
his odds of winning are not that high
but instead of walking into the forest
with no real plan
he could have walked in the woods
somewhat next to the road because that
makes it more likely that he eventually
stumbles on another house
or the city down the mountain of course
for this to work he would also need to
turn off the flashlight
now you might be wondering who's the
killer
i don't know it's uh some dude so that's
how you can be
2018's open house as always i hope you
liked it and that i get to see you guys
in the next video bye guys i'm in this
chair
and there's like all this crap coming
out of out of it it's
like super uncomfortable